Initial content published (#1)
Azure/AlwaysOn: README.md

* [Introduction | What is AlwaysOn?](./docs/introduction/README.md) - Detailed introduction into AlwaysOn, the problem it is intended to solve and the value it can provide.

* [Design Methodology | AlwaysOn Architectural Approach](./docs/design-methodology/README.md) - Prescriptive guidance aligned to 8 critical design areas guides users to design and build an AlwaysOn application, outlining a recommended decision process.

* [Foundational Reference Implementation | Online](https://github.com/azure/alwayson-foundational-online) - Everything required to understand and build a copy of the foundational reference implementation intended for online scenarios that are public-facing and do not require private network connectivity to a surrounding organizational technical estate.

* [Foundational Reference Implementation | Connected](https://github.com/azure/alwayson-foundational-connected) - Everything required to understand and build a copy of the foundational reference implementation intended for private scenarios that require integration with an organizational technical estate for either public-facing or internal-facing workloads.

## Helpful Information

> * [Getting Started](./docs/Getting-Started.md) outlines the process and required steps to deploy AlwaysOn in your environment, including preparing the Azure DevOps pipelines. It should be read in tandem with the [Reference Implementation Guide](./docs/reference-implementation/README.md).

Reviewer: this repo does not have a getting started guide (anymore). but maybe it should get one?! Which basically should say (again): "If you want to deploy online, go here, if you want to deploy connected, go there, etc...)"

- [Foundational Reference Implementation | Connected](https://github.com/azure/alwayson-foundational-connected) - Everything required to understand and build a copy of the foundational reference implementation intended for private scenarios that require integration with an organizational technical estate for either public-facing or internal-facing workloads.

## Helpful Information

- Each reference implementation provides a getting *Getting Started guide* in the repository:
  - Foundational Reference Implementation Online | [Getting started guide](https://github.com/Azure/AlwaysOn-foundational-online/blob/main/docs/reference-implementation/Getting-Started.md)
  - Foundational Reference Implementation Connected | [Getting started guide](https://github.com/Azure/AlwaysOn-foundational-connected/blob/main/docs/reference-implementation/Getting-Started.md)

> - [Frequently Asked Questions](./docs/FAQ.md): captures responses to common issues and challenges associated with using the AlwaysOn project.

Reviewer 2: the `FAQ.md` does not exist in this branch/repo. I still like the idea but I think it wasn't updated for a while now. Do we want to keep it or drop it here?

Author: Create a FAQ.md file with some initial questions. We can always add more, but I like the idea too

## Helpful Information

> The foundational reference implementations are separated within a dedicated repository containing all relevant documentation and technical artefacts, along with a *getting started guide*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The foundational reference implementations are separated within dedicated repositories containing all relevant documentation and technical artifacts, along with a *getting started guide*:
```
